feat: add type prop (#30)
ugogo/react-input-verification-code: README.md

| onCompleted | `function` | `() => {}` | false    | Function called when the code is completed                |
| placeholder | `string`   | `·`        | false    | String rendered in each item when no value has been typed |
| value       | `string`   | `() => {}` | false    | Control internal input value                              |

> | type       | `text or password`   | `text` | false    | Control input type                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| type       | `text` or `password`   | `text` | false    | Control input type                              |
```

> | type       | `text or password`   | `text` | false    | Control input type                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| type        | `text` or `password` | `text`     | false    | Display the item value or a password mask                 |
```
